Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
You know. Dad loves
all his children.
but Yosef was something special.
What about you?
Waiting for him to come take me already.
We're getting closer slowly. it's okay.
How did eight hours of my life
just vanish?
Eight hours of my life are gone.
What you and Salem went through
is the hardest thing in the world.
but nothing will bring back
Hagit and the children.
They're clean.
- It's Eli. he worries me.
Doron. it's not your fault.
You don't need to take responsibility for him.
It's that son of a bitch
who went into your house and burned it down.
Look carefully.
What's the commander's name?
- Maher Zaitoun.
Look at them. These are the ones
you killed. You.
I have no life.
In my head everything is black.
Maybe if we'd gone more with
Eli and less with your ego.
we wouldn't be here now.
Or do you still not remember
what happened. huh?
Do you want to take part in the next attack
against the Zionist enemy?
You understand the meaning
of this mission.
There's always that time
when you don't come back. no?
You know. after October 7th
I turned upside down too.
Gali. I saw things there
that will never leave my head.
you know?
A lot of people and a lot of work
are behind these plans.
Khalas. extraction tomorrow. okay?
We keep a low profile. it's over.
It's not over. - It's over.
We need an early extraction.
Eli is losing it.
You... you are fortunate
because you've become symbols in history.
What a bastard. This is a list of the names.
This is all the plans.
Eli? Doron?
Is everything okay?
Did you get what I sent?
Stop the sons of bitches. Dana.
Promise me.
There won't be another October 7th.
- We promise. Eli. we promise.
We're on the way.
Ali.
Thank you.
Hello?
Yes. what's going on?
Are you sure?
About what now?
I understand.
Okay.
Yeah. I understand.
Okay. I'll get ready and come.
What? Who was that?
Dana.
What does she have against holidays. that one?
What? What happened?
What did she want?
No. nothing.
There's some...
indication.
We'll go.
we'll check.
we'll come back.
What time is it anyway?
- Three.
Yalla. go back to sleep.
I'll go make you coffee.
Thanks. babe.
Ugh. I have no patience for her.
How many times did I ask her
to put the cake in the fridge
before they go to sleep?
I'm tired of being their maid.
I feel like waking them up right now
to clean the whole house.
What's funny?
You're cute when you get angry.
Funny. - Okay. okay.
don't you start with me.
Yalla. I'm going.
back in a flash.
We'll give her a nice morning inspection
of the whole house.
No need to send the kids
to boarding school. okay?
Go back to sleep.
Eli.
Whatever's needed.
The Tin Man or not the Tin Man?
Get up!
May God forgive you.
Where did you come from?
What are you doing here?
We said we'd finish the pergola
today. right?
Are you serious?
- Yalla. come on. Yosef.
Are you crazy?
Don't you see what time it is?
I'm joking with you.
Totally out of it.
Anyway. I'm popping out for a sec
for something at work.
I'll be back around noon.
and you help me finish this.
You'd better.
I have to finish the pergola.
If not. Hagit kicks me out of the house.
Yalla. go to sleep. go.
Go. I'll tell your father
what you're up to. Go to sleep.
Yalla. see you.
"Who would've believed that I. of all people.
would just fall like this
the little temptation that became huge and..."
"It was already over
before I'd even started..."
What's up. bro?
What's up? - How are you?
What's up. Hananel?
- Eliyahu. what's up?
What? Does Dana have no mercy on old guys?
It's not humanitarian to call you up.
They brought me here to change your diaper.
I heard it leaks when you get excited.
What? What's the story?
She's not messing around. Marciano.
Okay. listen up.
We'll split into several teams.
Some will take a sector on the fence.
some in the kibbutzim.
The thing with the SIM cards
could be an infiltration attempt
at the fence line. a kidnapping.
We don't want that movie.
Keep your eyes open.
If there's doubt. there's no doubt.
Got it? - Got it.
Cheetah. this is 42.
- Go ahead. 42.
We're in position at our point.
Roger. Keep your eyes open.
- Roger. copy.
Roger. over. command.
- What's he saying?
She said it's quiet.
Too quiet? - Don't know.
Hanan. do you see anything?
Quiet.
They're sleeping well in Gaza.
Cheetah. this is 42.
We're wrapping up. - Copy. 42.
Yalla. Danino. let's wrap up.
Run! Run. quick!
- Get down.
Code Red. Code Red.
Libi. siren.
Libi.
To the safe room. now.
- Come on. you little pests.
Code Red. Code Red.
Move. fatso. give me room.
- What are you doing? Idiot.
Code Red.
- What's with them today?
Code Red. Code Red.
Doron. - Gali. what's going on?
Everything okay. Why. did something happen?
What's that. a siren?
Get in the safe room. - Whoa. okay.
What is this shit?
What is this barrage?
Mom.
Mom. your phone.
Yeah. I'll go get it.
it's probably Eli.
I'll be right back.
Hey. Steve. what's up?
- Good morning.
Code Red.
What. they gave you quite the wake-up. huh?
- The sirens won't stop.
How about you? Everything okay?
Libi and Ben with you? - Yes. - Good.
Where are you? - I'm at the moshav. I'm popping
over to check on Anat and Michael.
Tell Eli to stop ignoring me.
What. is that lazy ox still sleeping?
He's outside. - Outside?
What's he doing outside?
What. he's on the pergola. huh?
What an idiot.
No. they got called up in the night.
They had an alert.
Wow.
Okay. alright.
Okay. say hi to the kids for me. I'll
try to catch him later. - Okay.
Bye for now. - Bye.
Steve says hi.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Did something happen?
May I? - Okay.
Are you alone?
What's going on. Steve?
- Something's happening in the south.
There are sirens all over the country.
There are... - Not here.
What are you doing here. Steve? - Okay.
where's Michael? Is he here? Is he sleeping?
He's at my mom's.
Steve. what are you doing here?
I don't have the energy on a Saturday morning
to have this conversation again.
I worried about you.
I worry about you. that's all.
Yeah. because of sirens in the south?
Really.
Okay. you've woken me up already.
Want coffee? - Yeah.
Code Red. Code Red.
Panther stations. copy.
we have a "Turkish Horseman" event.
A "Turkish Horseman" event.
Infiltration from the fence. coordinate 107.
Cheetah. this is 42.
We can reach the point.
Copy. 42.
Report when you're there.
To the vehicle. let's go.
Code Red. Code Red.
Catch.
Cheetah. we're almost at the point.
Anything new?
Eli. there's an infiltration.
The camera at the point is down.
so I don't have more details.
Be ready.
Spot them. goddammit.
Those sons of bitches. they blew through the fence.
Shoot at them!
Ready to dismount.
RPG!
Dismount! - Out. out!
Magazine.
Hanan's hit!
- Go. go to him. go!
Changing magazine!
- Magazine.
Goddammit. missiles are falling here. bro.
Listen. I can't reach Eli.
We have to get down there.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Rambo. calm down.
What's with you? What do you mean go down there?
What's wrong with you?
The whole IDF is probably there
and they don't need
old guys like us there. bro.
It's all fine. I talked to Hagit.
She's fine. the kids are fine.
He's probably out of battery. that donkey.
Bro. go take care of the horses.
everything's fine.
Turn on the TV.
...being circulated since the morning hours
on social media.
What?
We're now receiving images
and reports from civilians in the city of Sderot
who say they saw pickup trucks
with terrorists inside the city.
I repeat...
- Fuck.
Inside the city.
In the last few minutes
footage is also coming in from a camera...
We have to get down there.
What do you mean go down there?
- Hagit and the kids are there alone.
Sirens are sounding again and again
in the southern communities
and in other parts of the country...
Steve.
all over the country. actually...
Come back soon.
maybe we'll still make it for lunch?
Residents of Sderot and nearby
communities have been given explicit instructions
to stay inside their homes.
lock doors...
Stay with me. Hanan. stay with me.
Stay with me.
Eliyahu. they don't stop coming in.
Cheetah. this is 42.
I'm at point 107.
There's an infiltration of dozens of terrorists.
We're under heavy fire.
I have a casualty here.
I need evacuation and reinforcements.
Urgent. evacuation and reinforcements.
Eli. it's along the entire sector.
- What do you mean along the entire sector?
We have 30 infiltrations
that we know about.
It's not just at your location.
You have to fall back.
I don't have enough people. Eli.
Go to the kibbutzim.
Dana. Dana?
What was that?
Did you hear that?
It sounded like gunshots. - It's all fine.
it's probably the army outside the fence.
Who are they shooting at?
Where's Eli? - What are you doing?
- I'm thirsty.
Stay here. I'll go out.
I'll be there in a second.
Mom. bring something to snack on.
Babe. are you okay? - Eli. what's going on?
The sirens won't stop.
Are you okay? You didn't answer me before.
- I didn't have my phone.
What's that? Where are you?
What's that noise?
Listen to me. stay in the safe room.
Take water and food. lock yourselves in
until I get there.
Eli. what's going on?
You're scaring me.
There's apparently an infiltration.
Get in the safe room.
Don't open the door for anyone.
Babe. are you there?
Did you hear what I said? - There's someone at the door.
- Get in the safe room now!
Hagit. it's Yosef.
- It's just Yosef. Come in.
You scared me.
I'm sorry. I came
to see that you're okay.
Okay. Eli.
I'll talk to you later.
Okay. come into the safe room.
Code Red. Code Red.
- Yalla. yalla.
Over here. over here. Guys. over here.
"Code Red. Code Red.
Code Red. Code Red."
Eli. what's going on? Where are you?
Doron. you have to drive
to Hagit now.
What about Hagit? What's going on? Where are you?
Listen to me carefully.
I'm with Tequila by the fence.
We're at war here.
Hagit is alone in the kibbutz with the kids.
There are terrorists from all directions.
I need you to drive to her now.
- Okay. I'm on my way to her. don't worry.
I trust you. Doron.
I'll link up with you there. - No problem.
Come on. let's fall back.
Danino. help me with him.
Come on.
Yalla. RPG!
Oh my God.
- What happened?
Ella's Roni is writing in the group
that there are terrorists outside her house.
Okay. that's Roni.
She loves drama. It's all fine.
She's just hysterical. don't stress.
It's probably the army.
What's the knife for?
Nothing. I... - Look at the camera.
- It's all fine. no need. It's all good.
Look at the cameras. - Libi.
it's all fine. - Look at the cameras.
There. sweetie.
You see? There's nothing.
Hagit.
I saw people too.
I thought they were soldiers
because they had uniforms.
but it could be terrorists.
We need to get out of here.
It's not safe here.
We need to leave the kibbutz.
- Yosef. leave to where? What's with you?
It's all fine. don't panic.
Abu Obeida?
Abu Obeida. come here.
Yalla. burn it. Start a fire. quick.
- Come here.
Who's that?
What are they saying?
Abu Obeida. burn everything?
- Everything.
What are they saying?
- Burn everything.
Burn it. burn it.
They want to burn
the neighbors' house.
Yalla. guys. let's go!
Yalla!
Come on. come on.
I'm out of ammo.
Happy holiday. huh?
We can get to the secretariat.
take keys from there.
there are vehicles at the entrance.
- Yosef. what are you talking about?
They're out there. where would we go?
You have to calm down.
I'm telling you we can't stay
here. - Mom. Mom. look at Ben.
Baby. My baby. look at me.
Look at me.
I need you to breathe with me.
okay? Okay?
Remember we did this together
on the flight to Vienna? Yeah? Good.
I need you to take a breath.
breathe deep. good.
and let it out.
Good. It's all okay. sweetie.
We're together. I'm with you.
We're protected. it's all fine.
Good.
Perfect. my sweet.
Code Red. Code Red.
Stay back. move back.
Mom.
What was that?
Code Red. Code Red.
Code Red.
There's a locked door here.
Move. move back.
They're here. in the house.
We need to be quiet. okay?
Amid all this. the overall picture
of what's happening this morning in the south
is still unclear.
What's that. a roadblock?
What's going on there?
These are events taking place
at several locations simultaneously.
Don't come closer. stay back!
The road is closed!
Get down. they're shooting.
They're shooting. get down. don't move.
Don't move.
What's going on here?
We need to get through there.
No one gets past me. Who are you?
- We need to get there.
Listen. there's nothing for you there.
believe me.
Go back.
- What's going on there?
Terrorists set an ambush
further down the road.
There's a roadside shelter with people there.
There's a small force there
fighting them.
Here. here. look.
Are you okay?
They're coming from every direction.
It doesn't stop.
My partner and I.
we got an order
not to let anyone get past us.
Those who tried. we stopped them.
but he took a bullet to the head
and I couldn't save him.
I... I tried.
- It's okay. it's okay.
It's all fine.
You're a hero.
Bro. - What?
- We need to get through them
to reach her. - No problem.
Where do you need to get to?
- To a kibbutz in the Gaza envelope.
Our friend is there with her kids.
Take my weapon
and my partner's.
You'll need it.
Are you sure?
You have a pistol? - Yes.
Take care of yourself. okay?
- Take care of yourselves.
Ready?
Careful. careful. careful.
Keep your head down.
Whoa. whoa. get down. get down.
Get down. - Are you okay?
- What's going on?
I don't know. they keep coming.
There are people in the shelter.
Load your weapon!
Throw the grenade.
Come on. shoot!
Throw the grenade out!
Throw it!
Run back!
Open fire.
- Open fire.
Cameraman! Cameraman. get on the floor!
Get on the floor!
Where's your backup?
- They're supposed to be on the way.
Our comms got cut off.
Please. we're coming out.
We're coming out. we're coming out.
don't shoot. don't shoot.
Please. please. we're coming out.
- Get them out.
Please. - Please. please.
please. please.
Fuck.
Come on. guys. slaughter the Zionists!
- Allahu Akbar!
Move forward. move forward.
- Come on. guys!
Go in!
I know you're inside.
Open the door!
Yalla. open up!
Open up!
You have nowhere to run!
I said. open the door!
Open the door. I said!
Come outside. Don't worry.
it'll be fine. It's okay.
We have to close in on them.
Tell me. what. are you crazy?
Wait for backup. Don't go out now.
They're dying in there.
Officer! - Yes? - Cover me.
Come here.
You give me cover too.
On my three. okay?
Ready? - Yes. yes.
Three. four and...
Follow me and... come on.
Danino. Danino.
- Eliyahu.
Danino. - Eliyahu. - Stay with me.
Stay with me. Come on.
Come on.
Come on. come on.
There's no point driving
via the southern road.
They're like zombies
popping up there from everywhere.
Okay. it's not a question. We have family
there. we have to reach them.
Come on. we'll cut through the fields.
- Good luck.
Open the door now!
Open the door immediately!
Open up. you Zionist dogs!
Open the door!
One of you. open the door!
I'm an Arab. I'm a Muslim.
A Muslim.
Don't be afraid. brother.
We won't hurt you. we won't hurt anyone.
My word.
Come outside.
Don't open it. don't open it.
What's your name?
Yosef.
Who's with you. Yosef?
There are only children here.
Leave us alone.
I swear by Almighty God.
we won't harm you.
Come outside.
or we'll drag you out by force.
What are they saying?
They're promising
they won't kill us if we come out.
And you believe them?
I don't know.
Mom. - What. sweetie?
Mom. Mom. - What happened?
What is that?
- They're shooting them.
Leave no one alive.
They executed them.
What... - It's happening live right now.
They killed her whole family.
Don't open it.
Yalla. Iyad. enough.
Let's go.
Move. move back.
Goddammit!
Bitch. damn it...
Goddammit. you whore!
Ben?
Ben!
Ben! Ben! Ben! - Ben.
Ben. - Mom. - Ben. my sweet.
look at me. - Ben.
Ben. Ben. open your eyes.
Open your eyes. my love.
My love. open your eyes. Ben.
Ben. stay with me.
Ben.
Ben! Ben!
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610